This is a Ruby library to access the DuckDuckGo Zero Click Info API.

= How to install

  gem install duck-duck-go

= Synopsis
  
  require "duck_duck_go"
  
  ddg = DuckDuckGo.new
  zci = ddg.zeroclickinfo("Stephen Fry") # ZeroClickInfo object
  
  zci.heading # Stephen Fry
  zci.abstract_text # Stephen John Fry is an English actor, screenwriter, author, playwright, ...
  zci.related_topics["_"][0].text # Stephen Fry (cricketer) ...
  
= Description

This library accesses the DuckDuckGo Zero Click Info API[http://duckduckgo.com/api.html], and returns an DuckDuckGo::ZeroClickInfo object containing the result.

Depending on the result type, the +related_topics+ hash will contain slightly different results.

For most queries, <code>related_topics["_"]</code> contains an array of the related topics.

For a disambiguation query, <code>related_topics["_"]</code> contains the related topics, where as <code>related_topics["Topic"]</code> contains the disambiguation results. For example, searching for _apple_, you will find a <code>related_topics["Compaines"]</code> entry containing <i>Apple Inc</i> and <i>Apple Corp</i>, amongst others.

= Issues

http://github.com/andrewrjones/ruby-duck-duck-go/issues

= Source code

http://github.com/andrewrjones/ruby-duck-duck-go

= Credits

API and design heavily influenced by WWW::DuckDuckGo[http://search.cpan.org/~getty/WWW-DuckDuckGo-0.006/lib/WWW/DuckDuckGo/ZeroClickInfo.pm], the equivalent Perl module.

= Copyright and License

Copyright (c) 2012 Andrew Jones (http://andrew-jones.com)

This code is available under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.
